Hey,
what's going on is bill burr and it's time for the Monday morning podcast for
Monday,
December 7th,
2015.
Okay.
Oh,
the
weather outside is frightful,
but she'll who hustled delightful.
So if you know fucking minds back your legs bad.
Sorry.
Hey,
it's December everybody,
but December to remember.
Um,
happy holidays.
Oh,
it's the holiday season.
So Merry Christmas.
I don't give a fuck if you find that offensive because then you're kind of
shitting on my religion.
Um,
is merry Christmas still offensive to people?
I can't wait for somebody to wish me happy Hanukkah and I'm going to blow a
gasket.
How
dare you say something Nice from your religion?
How fucking dare you?
Um,
I kind of fucked up this shit with my Christmas shopping where you know who's
getting hurt when you're married.
It's all about getting your fucking wife something that's going to keep her
fucking Yap shut for maybe two,
three days.
Who's kidding?
Who?
You know what I mean?
Are they ever really happy with you?
I'm asking
you know,
something.
Let's try to spin this in a positive way if you have a wife.
Okay.
If you're a gay dude and,
and you know,
you feel like you're more the dude,
right?
And you're,
you're Fuckin your,
your,
your husband is always pitching a fit of just everything.
You know what I mean?
And you're just sitting there going,
what the fuck is with this too?
Why can't he just fucking,
can you just,
can you get a run together of four days of just being generally happy with me?
Okay.
If anybody's in that situation and you have figured out a way to somehow get
that to get that person to the fifth day,
could you please email me and tell me what your strategy is?
I don't give a shit.
Male females.
I think there's some bitchy guys and out there,
you know,
I'm sure women deal with that.
Some Moody Motherfucker,
I should talk,
I'm pretty fucking moody,
but generally speaking,
I like to think I'm in a good mood,
but I'm just saying,
you know what I mean?
So anyway,
so I go out,
um,
you know,
and I got my wife the gift and on,
the gift,
you know,
everything else is just to fill up the space underneath the tree.
You know,
he'd get her some fucking sweatpants,
you know?
No,
no,
no.
I just,
you know,
I forget you could wear,
I'm hanging around the house.
I'm not,
I'm not saying you got to go to the gym,
you know,
you get,
uh,
you know,
some mittens,
some beef Jerky is sticking in the stock and you're just trying to flush it out.
At that point,
you've already dropped a ton of cash.
Right.
And God knows what the fuck is she going to,
what's she going to get for you?
One of those pumps to fucking pump up that sports illustrated football.
You got like fucking 15 years ago when your team won a championship.
Well,
what,
what the fuck?
I can't even like,
I'm trying to think.
The last time I heard a guy friend of mine get excited about whatever the fuck
he got for Christmas,
you know what I mean?
What,
what would the broad still,
okay.
They expected something big from their husband and then they go out and they
blow the cash on all the kids don't give a fuck about you.
You know what I mean?
You liked that fucking third shift night security guard or the house that,
that's basically what it is,
you know?
I mean,
if she could,
if she could build a little fucking outhouse,
you know,
right next to the front door and you could just sit in there all night with a
clipboard,
checking people in and out and say walk in and out of the house,
you know,
wearing a little uniform.
Okay.
Uh,
good afternoon Mrs me,
how are you?
I'm really being overdramatic right now.
My,
my situation isn't that bad,
but you know what,
if you exaggerate for comedic effect.
So anyways,
so I got the,
I got the big gift out of the way.
I get the big one,
you know,
the one that,
won't make her sulk until Valentine's Day,
generally speaking.
All right,
I don't give a fuck how cool your wife is.
Okay.
Is this the slide into sulking?
You know,
just the way,
like those mid eighties,
Jaguar's always had fucking electrical problems.
It's the same fucking thing.
They can't help it.
It's,
it's a design flaw.
Um,
Jeez,
I'm going hard this week.
Um,
what am I trying to say here?
So I went and I got the big thing and I kinda just,
I dunno,
I just felt like,
because I got the big one out of the way so early,
I had all of this fucking time.
Now all of a sudden it's December 7th.
There was only fucking whatever,
salad table.
Our Shopify days,
love Lords,
you know?
Um,
unless you going to shop Christmas morning and I guess you got 18,
but at that point,
what are you doing?
Picking Lemons off you'd fucking neighbors tree.
MMM.
So I got to get some shit done,
but I have to hype my,
uh,
my cartoon that's coming out.
F is for family.
This is the big push.
In fact this morning it starts,
I'm going to go do some radio here and um,
I'm going to New York City next week and then I come back out here to la and I
do a whirlwind tour of um,
you know,
doing some press.
So I'll definitely be going into ob and Jimmy before everybody asked,
they always add,
you go,
go,
go.
Why wouldn't I,
when have I not,
um,
bill,
maybe they were asking because they want to hear you on the show.
All right.
You know,
fair enough.
Fair enough.
So,
um,
today I'm doing the podcast,
then I'm doing,
um,
doing,
uh,
the press and then I have to do a little bit of Christmas shop and I got to
fucking knock it out over the next three days.
I got to get the dino,
I got to flush out the cast here.
Right.
It's like I got a Shitty fucking script,
you know,
and I already signed on the movie star that isn't selling tickets in the movie
theater anymore.
So I got my fucking lightening rod of fame and now I just got to flesh it out
with shift that's going to prop it up.
That's going to compliment it.
You know what I mean?
So that's what,
uh,
that's what my goal is and I'm
okay.
You know,
I'll tell you another year without kids.
It's starting to fuck with me.
But I gotta be honest with you after watching that whole fucking don't even
watch it.
I got in the car,
my wife Listens to and fucking pee.
Yeah.
Morning,
but comes a collectic that was the electric eel band doing their version of ACDC
back in black on a viola.
You'd like to download that,
that's available@gofuckyourself.com.
Um,
so I,
you know,
she had on NPR and a gun in the car and I was driving down the street and that
was,
I guess it was some big global warming summit.
And at this point,
not even the corporate cons can't deny that we're having an effect.
And now that they finally came around and said,
okay,
yeah,
we are affecting it.
They then quickly said,
but at this point it's too late.
So basically we might as well continue on what we're doing.
And it's just like what?
Yeah,
I mean that's the same thing.
Like I remember when Pete rose finally admitted that he was gambling on baseball
after 20 fucking years.
No,
I know.
I never gambled on baseball.
Five years later,
I'd never gambled on baseball.
10 you'd never go back?
I never got another big one then I know where he just goes.
Yeah,
I gambled on baseball.
Okay.
There now.
Now let me in the hall.
It's like,
wait a minute.
Wait,
wait,
wait a second.
Okay.
No,
he was already rounded.
Second ticket,
he was go into the hall,
Helmet,
flew off,
right.
Going to slide in head first to third,
um,
same fucking thing.
So that just made it so it's just going to get worse.
And they just sort of nonchalantly talked about the helacious world in the
future that our children and our children's children are going to have to live
in.
And I was just kind of made me feel like,
you know,
maybe it should end with me.
So that's uplifting.
Oh,
jingle bells,
jingle all the way.
Um,
we don't like that song.
We feel that there's sexual undertones jingle all the way as in going all the
way.
Uh,
you know,
the snow is white,
tactically speaking.
So is your ges,
if you were to draw it,
it's more of a,
uh,
who's your cream pie sort of color?
Oh my God.
What am I doing?
I'm talking about not having children.
I'm comparing snow to jazz.
This is just,
what is this?
You know what this is?
It's fucking entertaining to listen to somebody slowly going off the rails
during the holidays.
I got to tell you,
it's gotta be a fun thing.
Oh,
I did a,
a,
I did a podcast.
The,
uh,
I'd hit that podcast,
which is that true actually a drummer podcast.
And,
uh,
if you saw some of the guests that they've had on their,
um,
professional fucking drummers,
you know,
of the highest order,
you'd be like,
well what the fuck did they have this clown coming on there for?
I'd say,
you know,
every once said,
one of the great things about being a comedian,
you know what I mean?
Every once in a while they just bring you on some shit that you have no business
being on sticky on a food channel is some shit like that,
but it's uh,
it's called Id.
I'd hit that a podcast.
I want to thank Dave for having me on there and we talked about,
um,
talks about everything.
Man,
I'm a little bit about drums,
but uh,
I just got done doing a flight,
flying a helicopter and obviously,
uh,
and I've been soloing everybody.
I fund.
The thing about once you get your license,
you know what I mean?
And then you can legally solo,
there is that pit in your stomach of like,
dude,
you're really gonna let me go up there by myself.
You know,
this is whole weird thing when you learn it and get your pilot's licenses,
like you get to a certain point when you start getting a little cocky and you
stick in.
Like,
when is this guy going to solo me?
Dude,
I'm fucking ready.
When the fuck is this going to happen?
I could do this.
Look at him.
He's his feet.
Everything is off the controls.
I'm flying this fucking thing.
I'm bringing it in right on the numbers.
I'm doing this shit.
When the fuck is this guy going to solo me?
And then one day they go,
all right,
you're ready.
And then you're like,
you're really,
really,
Paul's shrink right up when he a fucking gut.
So,
um,
you know,
I got my license in the end of end of May and um,
I had not done a solo flight since,
um,
I was still a student just being,
you know,
combination of busy with a travel on the road and editing the F is for family.
And then also I didn't want to solo until I took the advanced auto rotation
class,
which is what I did in August and September.
Then I had my big run coming up to the New York City gigs.
So now I finally had the time.
And uh,
I did three flights last week.
I did one with an instructor and then the flight I did with the instructor,
I did it twice,
um,
Solo.
And uh,
I can't say it was fucking awesome.
I flew up the seven 10.
And actually this time I added dodger stadium and data.
I fly in the right hand side,
right?
So I just did a right orbit over dodger stadium and then flew over to the rose
bowl,
did a right orbit.
So I'm working on the field,
um,
Cross del Monte at midfield and then went back to long beach.
And,
um,
I did fuck up one time with the radio calls cause that's the big thing.
It's the radio calls.
I,
uh,
thought I was talking to Long Beach Tower,
but I was actually still talking to the La Basin,
which is just basically this big giant area where everybody's flying around.
I swear to God,
Dude,
you get at listening,
but he came here with some people are saying like,
those fucking people have been flying forever.
You get a hand,
no hands have 1.5 you're like,
what the fuck did you just say?
These fucking people who fly around mumbling into the Goddamn fucking radio.
It's just like,
I don't,
for the life of I speak,
I had Nancy l,
you know,
I fucking enunciate every,
I did base and traffic.
This is helicopter one Sierra hotel flying northbound.
I fucking enunciate everything.
I go slow.
He's fun guys.
How has [inaudible]
I,
you know what I listen to at that point,
I just listened for the number.
I am go 1.5.
I'm like,
all right,
I'm going a thousand feet.
He's at 1500 even if that's fucking assholes flying right at me,
he's going to be 500 feet above me.
But if I just have 1000,
all right,
you're at the same level as me.
I have no fucking idea where you're at.
So then I either go up or down 300 feet.
So anyways,
doing something like that,
really just as far as flying,
um,
just sent my confidence through the roof and like,
it's just like starting the thing up and shutting it down to the whole fucking
thing.
Just doing the whole thing.
Um,
yeah.
And uh,
you would think that that would make my confidence just in general go through
the roof,
you know,
flying a helicopter solo.
Yeah.
You know,
over the city of La with all that fucking traffic that's up there.
I was able to do that twice last week for about the collectively two hours by
myself,
yet I'm going to make lasagna today and I'm nervous to make the noodles from
scratch.
Does that make any fucking sense?
Yeah.
Well,
you know,
I'm not gonna I can't possibly die doing that.
It just,
it just doesn't make any fucking sense.
Right.
I don't want to talk about,
all I know is f is for family is coming.
Uh,
December 18th the same day.
It's like the 15th installment of Star Wars.
Okay,
so you got a choice to make.
Alright.
And I'm obviously going to lobby for the F is for family side.
Okay,
now picture this.
All right?
You can either stand in fucking like a four mile line next to some jerk off
dress like Boba Fett of fucking Shabaka and people acting out light saber fights
and all of that fucking thing.
Chevron is homeless people come up to you or hit you up for money and then
fucking,
you know,
e entertainment down there high or Billy Bush data down are the a bunch of jerk
offs.
You don't realize in three days they could walk in like a fucking gentleman and
just sit down and watch this movie.
It's not going anywhere.
Okay?
You could get involved in that shit show or you could just sit in the comfort of
your own home.
Yeah.
Maybe pour yourself a glass of heck.
Nog was some fucking bourbon in it.
You know it just sit down and binge watch all six episodes of this cartoon.
Get the fire going.
You know what I mean?
Turn on the heat.
Whatever the fuck you want to do.
Eat a pot cookie and the privacy a and sit there in your underwear.
Do whatever the fuck you want to do.
Or You could go down to the goddamn movie theater and stand in a fucking know.
Maybe we have to go down there the night before.
You know,
whenever the fuck they gonna do.
I mean to,
I don't understand why there's still making those things other than money.
Darth Vader is dead.
Right?
He took off the how many deep dive of the good side one.
It's fucking over you.
You keep going.
But what happened before the before?
What about after the,
after
you know,
listen,
the original hand solos like seven years old.
Okay.
The original Luke Skywalker,
he's well into his sixties you know,
it's,
it's over.
Okay.
Star wars people.
When he just gonna to admit that it's fucking over.
It's like my generation.
Can you really sit down and watch sesame street once Jim Hansen was gone and
here in that weird voice coming out of Kermit the frog.
It,
it's,
it's a fucking rep to fucking rap.
You know what I mean?
You know what?
I like sesame street.
I like when there's skating around on the fucking ice.
Just how weird that looks.
I'll fucking tall.
They all are.
Who knew Burt was like six,
eight.
I had no fucking idea,
right?
Just out there skating around.
But what I love is he's not fucking saying anything as
far as I know.
I've never been to it.
I've just seen the commercials and they just sort of skate around.
I don't understand how they don't think that's going to scare the shit out of
children.
And I have a great idea.
Let's have fucking eight foot puppets skating around with the exact same look on
their face and their eyes don't blink for fucking an hour and a half playing
weird circus music.
You want to take your kid to that?
Well,
no,
I don't think so.
I would like my kid to become a productive member of society.
Um,
Jesus Christ belt.
All right,
let's uh,
let's read some advertising here for the uh,
for the weekend.
Then I'm gonna tell you the story about,
about Jesus.
That's fucking lady who fucking,
I ain't want to get into it cause I got to put on,
I put on a happy face for uh,
for the advertising.
What do you got?
This one here?
We've got one to uno,
dos,
tres quatro seek.
All right,
I got five so I'll do,
I'll do three and two.
All right.
Dollar Shave club,
everybody.
Dollar Shave,
club.
Dot coms boiled and amazing.
Shaved down to two simple things.
One,
use a fresh blade to use that Dr Covey,
Zee Zee Shea.
My wife's sleeping downstairs.
Maybe that's why she's not in a good mood because every couple of days I do one
of these.
Um,
it's such an amazing shave.
Millions have joined the club.
Dollar Shave club.com delivers amazing razors right to your door for a third of
the price of those greedy mega razor corporations.
Stick it to the man man.
Dollar Shave club.com members can afford to shave with a fresh blade anytime.
It's such a luxury when you combine that fresh blade with their doctor.
Cabi Z,
Z shape.
It's
an unimagined.
It's unimaginably smooth.
It's not your average shave foam.
It's high quality ingredients that make your skin feels soft,
smooth and moisturized.
Huh?
Oh my God,
I wouldn't nuzzle with the man who just use that.
The fresh blade glide so gently you're hardly know you're shaving.
Use a fresh d,
s c blade and Dr Covey Eez Shea Ba.
If you want the most gentle shame,
imagine imaginable,
sorry,
looking for a great gift.
Who's kitten heel?
You got some asshole on your list,
but you don't want to spend a bunch of money.
Go give him,
give him the club.
Dr Shay Club's got as super simple gift idea for everyone on your holiday list
list.
Get yours@dollarshaveclub.com slash burr that's dollar shave club.com/bar hey,
dollar shave club.com/barb oh here we go.
Boop,
boop,
boop me on days.
Me,
Andy's,
get them for Santa Claus would do to me undies me undies,
rubbing up against your balls.
Get one for Rudolph too.
He's got a red nose.
He's not a Jew.
He's a drunk fucking Irish men.
So you know that he's Christian.
Oh yeah.
He's like,
no fucking slaves in his balls or velvet.
Thank boom,
boom.
The dude,
the dude to God.
God,
please guide me undies.
They even make gum for dear Buddha,
doable.
All right,
Mandy's.
We all know how be confidence can be and that confidence comes to being
comfortable,
but how,
but how?
How great can you feel if your underwear's right wrinkling and riding up on your
fucking ball bag.
That'll put you in a mood.
Oh,
you get short with your kid.
You give him the back hand.
He goes flying against the fucking wall.
Slides down like a cartoon and you feel bad for a second before you realize you
got three more like,
yeah,
you'll be the badge seat and it's the one that's going to suck at math.
I'm Mandy's gets it,
and that's why they've created the world's most comfortable underwear for a
daily dose of smoothness up against your balls,
which is going to bring out the confidence in you.
You wear underwear every day unless you're Matthew mcconaughey,
right?
Then you run around with you balls hanging out,
running with palm trees,
right?
The leaves,
whatever the fuck that workout was.
Anyways,
that's true.
65 days a year,
rain or shine,
you need it to be extraordinary without an insane price.
Tag me on these,
understands this,
and that's why they've created the world's most comfortable underwear.
Luxury at half the retail price you'd find anywhere else.
When you look good,
you feel great.
It's a cliche because it's true me undies understands this.
They're dialed in,
they're there,
they're fucking firing on all cylinders and that's why they've designed
underwear that makes you a look and feel fantastic.
Please include the following points for your read note.
Modal is pronounced modal me undies is made from modal O'dell,
a fabric that's twice as soft as cotton,
cotton.
Uh,
me undies has tons of colors and styles and the only place to get matching pairs
for men and women.
Ah,
that's fucking weird.
You know,
do that.
That fucking guy who was,
uh,
who was that guy used to play in the NBA.
You had to wave to his wife every time he was fucking taking a foul shot.
Hey honey,
not cheating on your thinking about anybody else.
I wear me undies anytime they send me a free pair and they feel great up against
my nuts.
And I'll tell you right now my tank's not exactly complaining either and don't
let me even get started with my ass crack.
Plus we all know that paying for shipping sucks.
So me undies has removed that from the equation.
All orders in the U S and Canada shipped for free.
Every other country can suck a dick.
Me undies even has a money back guarantee.
If you don't love your first pair,
you get to keep it for free.
You literally have nothing to lose to sweeten the deal.
It's kind of weird when you're talking about your undercarriage,
Huh?
What are you gonna do?
Put a little sugar on my fucking under width to sweeten the deal.
Me undies is offering you 20% off your first order at [inaudible] dot com slash
[inaudible] that's a special offer just for my listeners and the 2000 other
podcasts that they advertise on.
Make sure you go to [inaudible] dot com slash radar to get 20% off your first
order and so that they know that we said,
yeah,
all right,
one more year and then uh oh no,
that'd be number four,
right?
Yeah,
that'd be number four because what I got,
I got blue apron and I got,
no,
no.
I got one blue apron here.
You got blue apron.
Hey,
you need to know how to cook,
right?
Well,
not really,
but I mean,
if you want to eat well,
you do.
Not only do you feel like you know your way around the kitchen,
but cooking at home means eating healthier and saving money instead of ordering
those expensive takeout meals.
All right.
Hey,
but where do you start?
Oh my God,
it's so overwhelming.
Should I use this burner or should I use that burner over there?
Don't worry.
Blue Apron,
as you covered for less than $10 per meal,
blue apron delivers all the fresh ingredients you need to create a,
you need to create home cooked meals.
Just follow the easy step by step instruction.
Each meal can be,
be prepared.
Come on,
Bill.
You are doing so well.
Each meal can be prepared in 40 minutes or less.
No overwhelming trips to the grocery store.
What aisle is it in?
No sad takeout.
You get changed for a five.
No matter your dietary preferences.
Blue Apron makes it a breeze to discover and prepare dishes like filets and
fish.
Oh,
I've never heard of those.
And chicken.
Holy Shit.
What's that?
Prepare all types of ways,
right in your own kitchen.
Cook with the ingredients that you've never used before.
Like watermelon,
radishes,
Pharaoh,
Pharaoh and purple potatoes.
Oh,
you know,
cooks or purple potatoes.
Prince got to do that,
right?
But they'll put the,
hey,
uh,
and recipes are between 500 to 700.
Carol,
calories proportion,
uh,
delicious and good for you right now.
You can get your first purple and potatoes done.
The dude and I got that soft and wet in my head.
Delicious and good for you right now.
You can get your first two meals for free@blueapron.com slash bird.
That's blue apron.com/burr blue apron.
A better way to cook.
Um,
all right.
Oh Geez it,
before I get into the story about the fucking Lady
d,
Let me,
uh,
let's talk about,
let's talk some NFL football.
What Ba [inaudible] Gudu Gudu
edit,
edit.
All right.
Um,
so the Patriots lose another one and I just have one thing to say about that.
Whoa.
I'm actually psyched.
I'm psyched that they lost another one.
And you know why?
You know,
why am because right now I know all of sports talk radio is completely ignoring
the fact that for the past two weeks,
Tom Brady has been driving a rental car.
All right.
The fucking Maseratis in the shop,
the Lambo is getting some rims put on it,
right?
Everybody thinks they're out there beating the patriots.
Who the fuck is he throwing too?
If one more fucking page,
you receive a twisted their ankle.
I was going to be out there,
you know,
Tom Looking at me with his steely eyes in the huddle.
I had that look of doubt.
Like please don't throw it to me.
Um,
I just,
I,
you know,
I got,
I have too much shit to do.
I want to listen to sports talk radio today cause she yeah,
all this shit that they're going to be talking about.
First of all,
you know what?
That dead gut wrenching bears loss.
Oh my God,
it's another balding white male.
I really felt for that kicker.
Um,
you know,
but I also liked the fact that he had the balls to just walk around without a
helmet on being like,
yeah,
this is what I look like at God knows as a fucking kicker.
I make enough money to get a hair transplant,
but you know what,
I'm playing the hand.
I was dealt to me that said,
confidence to me said that thing.
It was going right to the fucking uprights.
And what did he do?
He fucking hooks that tank
and it goes into overtime.
So you know,
every fucking guy on sports talk radio today is stating the obvious.
Well tell you right now,
you could not give tips or second
week.
I mean
you start doing that shit.
I mean you,
you got to hit that.
You got to hit that.
I mean I'll be,
I'll be,
oh,
come on up.
Let me keep them all the culture.
The parents I could not confidently say did.
If I get in with field goal range it,
I'm not going to go for it on fourth down after,
after that.
Just way.
Okay.
I'll tell you right now who vote your head coach,
you peers.
Hey,
we'd be really concerned about the kicking game because if you kicking game,
he's not firing on all cylinders.
If you're not on the same page,
okay?
He can't dig down deep and strap it on.
You're not going to win aging.
Aging the football league.
Um,
so you know what the Patriots right now,
they're already results.
I had to worry a little Evelyn.
Okay.
They've lost two in a row.
It's fucking great.
I hope they talk all kinds of shit about the team.
I am psyched.
I'm psyched that we have two losses right now.
It's fucking perfect.
And as was slowly getting more healthy,
Edelman's going to come back.
Bronx going to come back am and Dola we'll go back to being the third fucking
choice,
right.
You know what I mean?
We'll get our running backs back.
Hopefully we'll get a couple of offensive fucking Lyman back.
Okay.
And uh,
we'll go into the playoffs.
Healthy maybe even as an underdog or at least not with the [inaudible] do an
undefeated record is a fucking albatross around your goddamn neck.
Everybody gets all amped up.
Everybody wants to fucking knock you off.
Look at that fucking game with the saints yesterday that the panthers played.
There's no fucking way that game is that fucking exciting.
If the parents are the painters come in with one fucking loss,
I'm telling you,
it gets people extra amped up.
I taped that game.
I saw the highlights.
I'm going to watch it today.
Um,
I like,
I can't even tell you how much I'm rooting for the panthers to go undefeated
unless they played the patriots in the Superbowl.
But I don't,
I don't think we match up well against him.
But,
um,
we do.
Obviously you have the experience,
but um,
I want to see a team go on to feed it,
you know?
Well,
I mean there's a couple that I don't,
but uh,
anybody else other than like two fucking teams.
I don't want to see that.
Well,
is it too,
I would give a shit if the giants did.
Okay.
Well,
I give a shit if the Jetson,
I wouldn't give him a five maybe.
I don't think I would see Anna would bug me.
Seattle.
It just bugs me one more fucking talking chimp on TV.
Does she go to team to know what you wanted towards the play offs?
One Guy said that and then 50 people have said that.
I'm literally sitting on a day right now,
Chelsea Hog.
She's a one team.
It's like,
I got it.
We get it.
They were in the fucking super bowl the last two fucking years.
Yeah.
They know what they're doing.
Who doesn't know that?
Who wouldn't rather play a team with this shitty or fucking coach with less
exposure.
Really?
Is that a team that could possibly be dangerous?
Thank you for that analysis.
Tell you right now,
I mean they were like one play away from winning two times in a row.
Okay.
And I'll tell you right now to do not be fooled by the Seattle Seahawks record.
Okay?
They did get,
they got it through a slow stack.
They've had some injuries,
they had a lot of,
they lost a lot of talent,
but I'm telling the team is starting to come together.
They are starting to Gel and I'm telling you there's an excitement building in
Seattle then I'll tell you right now,
I wouldn't want,
right.
Joe
is a big thing about Seattle.
If they play on the fucking road,
I mean it's,
it's
plea.
I tell you,
I healthy Marshawn lynch comes back and healthy and rested.
We got it.
We get it.
Who doesn't know that there were a good team?
My thing is,
if they're on the fucking road,
there's no way they make it to the Superbowl.
If they have to go on the fucking road,
they're not going to make it.
You know what I mean?
The only way Seattle is truly like Seattle is if they're playing in their own
fucking stadium and they have all that extra help from that stadium that makes
their fan sound louder than they really are.
And I know I'm being a cunt,
but hey,
I'm a patriots fan.
If you guys are going to question our entire legacy,
cause we'd stole some signs and let a cuts hair with of air pressure out of a
fucking ball.
I mean,
you know,
you play every fucking game,
every hour,
every home game with that stadium.
I'm not going to break your balls back.
Fucking unbelievable.
They were stealing signs.
Yeah,
that's what she would do
anyways.
I'm telling you,
watch the Baylor Baylor bears.
You Watch when you see four people sending in signals simultaneously,
you realize everybody's fucking non on now it's just the patriot.
Okay.
Santa Claus exists.
He's up there right now.
But those little fucking Elvis making a toy for your little fucking birdhouse
doing for you to stick your fucking head in right to their little hole.
Um,
anyways,
but,
uh,
I'm loving the panthers man.
Uh,
watching them go on to feed it and it's also how great is it to watch Cam Newton
come into his own and he is like,
you know,
when Brady and Peyton Manning,
you're gone.
And,
uh,
I could the next wave please.
What Andrew Luck,
uh,
Steve,
Mary Ot,
whatever the fuck his name is up there in Seattle.
I never know the names anymore.
I used to know the names.
They used to collect football cards.
The guy was in two Superbowls in a row.
Uh,
what is,
what does the name Raymond Genie?
The fuck is his fucking name.
All I know is easy.
All I see is one story or another,
but I want have fucking boy scout.
He is,
I actually think he's still in there.
He's in the,
we billows at this point and he's a football player and he actually got into
scouting after he started playing football.
That's how good a person he is.
Hardy called timeout last week to help an old lady get back up to a chair and
the fucking upper deck.
That's the kind of person that's what this kid is made up of.
And I'll tell you right now,
Dan is contagious in the locker room.
Um,
the fuck is his now.
I can't,
I can't even fucking remember.
You know,
you got that kid Jamieson down in Tampa.
You got the other fucking dude there on uh,
titans.
But Cam Newton's a dude,
man.
You know that guy.
He's the fucking belt.
We know this.
What are you gonna tell us right now?
Seattle is not the fuck is this a team that no one wants to run into when the
fucking playoffs?
That's another thing that they always said until you already know this is a
torch.
17 and nobody wants to play.
Yeah.
Like what's funny is they always say that nobody ever says,
I don't want to play them.
Can imagine if a coach said that after a while.
What do you got next week?
Oh,
we got the fucking,
uh,
we got the two and seven Jag was,
I'll tell you right now,
I don't want to play as
a coach.
Why don't you want to play him?
Cause they're the 217 that I don't want to play.
Why would you want to play the amount of money they make per game?
I would fucking play anybody.
I'd take an ass kicking.
Go ahead.
Beat the shit out of me.
I don't care.
Do you realize the Gucci ice bags that I can fucking buy for my body afterwards?
I'm fucking played a second.
My Boston Bruins,
my beloved Boston Bruins are uh,
working their way through a west coast trip right now.
I had to come from behind twice,
gets Edmonton and Calgary to get one point.
But uh,
you know the plane ride the plane.
All right.
I'm liking watching them.
Um,
and I got to tell you,
I keep threatening to do it,
but I have to do it.
Um,
because of a certain team.
I'm not going to try and drink some here,
but I'm going to get,
I got to get the NBA package.
Um,
even if they don't break the record of undefeated,
the undefeated streak,
which I really would love for them to do.
Um,
you know,
come on man.
Stuff Korea,
you get you gotta I gotta start watching this guy every night.
Like back in the day,
you know what sucks is it didn't have the NHL package.
So as much as I got to watch Wayne Gretzky,
I didn't get to watch the guy.
You know what I mean?
There was no national fucking game of the week.
I had to wait till like Edmonton played the Bruins.
MMM.
You don't want,
I'd have to watch the fucking highlights and you'd have to score like five
fucking goals for Bob Lubell the actually even talk about it because all they
would show is basically Bruins highlights and unless there was a bench clearing
brawl,
you wouldn't see it.
But the fact that you could watch somebody of Steph Curry's greatness night in
and night out,
like the fact that as a sports fan that I'm not fucking doing that because I
don't want to drop 100 bucks is a,
that's an excusable as Paul [inaudible] you would say from the verse,
he effect.
It's unacceptable.
It's fucking unacceptable.
So,
um,
anyways,
I'll let still a story about the lady.
So anyways,
I um,
as you guys know,
I've been driving a Prius for a long fucking time for a long fucking time.
I got it in 2007.
All right.
And the great thing about driving an eight year old paid off Prius is that it's
an eight year old pay off,
paid off,
Prius.
It's taken all the hits,
it's taken all the lumps.
It looks like a fucking prize fighter.
10 years after its fucking retired,
you know,
and you just see the scar tissue around the eyes.
You see the nose has been broken.
He can fucking park that thing.
Anyways.
So anyways,
for years I've had that and I've had the old 68 f 100,
you know what I mean?
So the Goto thing was,
um,
my Prius.
But if my wife needed the car and I had to drive to,
it became a situation because,
uh,
you know,
I don't want someone to steal my truck.
It's a classic car,
you know,
some asshole out here might take it.
So that was it always like questions of where I could take it at night.
And a lot of times I would end up just taking a cab.
So finally,
we've,
uh,
decided I actually went out and I got my wife,
you know,
I got her,
I got her a car.
All right.
Nothing too fancy.
But nonetheless,
it's fucking knew and she loves it,
right?
So now I drive the old car,
smart fucking move.
She drives to new one.
She's a happy,
she's all cushy.
You know what I mean?
He keeps them cushy.
He keep them happy.
All right?
And then when they come at you breaking your fucking balls,
he just fucking tear open the curtains.
It pointed the car with your eyebrows up.
That's
really what is the problem.
And then they get mad.
Do you know to do that?
Just to bring it?
Yeah.
You tell.
You Dope.
Um,
so anyways,
you know me.
Okay.
And I'll go to big point of fucking doing that shit.
So I got,
you know,
I got a nice comfortable,
sensible fucking car,
you know,
with a couple of gadgets on it or whatever.
Right.
So anyway,
so we decided we're going to take it out last night.
We're going to somebody's birthday fucking party.
And uh,
for whatever reason my wife goes,
hey,
can we stop off at the supermarket and get flowers and I go fluff for what?
She goes,
well I feel weird,
you know,
showing up at a birthday party without like bringing anything.
I just feel like weird.
I go,
so why would you even get a flowers?
Like what was she sick in the hospital that somebody die,
you know,
what are you going to flowers fudge cause we just shut up and let's just go to
the supermarket cycle.
Fine.
I go,
you are driving,
right?
So she drives,
we could take her car and I said,
hey,
should we take the fucking beat up praise?
She goes,
no,
I want to drive.
The new guy said,
all right,
fine,
we'll do that.
Right?
So we drive down the fucking street and uh,
we pull into the grocery store and I'm immediately thinking,
don't park next to anybody.
Please don't park next to anybody.
And Lo and behold,
she does it.
She goes,
okay.
I take it.
You're not going in.
I've got no,
I'm not going in.
I'm going to come stand in line watching you hold flowers and then pay for them.
I'll never forget that.
I'll never get that six minutes back in my life.
I'm going to sit here and look at the scores on my phone.
So she says,
fine.
She goes into the grocery store and all of a sudden this dude fucking pulls up
and he's piece of shit.
Beat up fucking card.
It looks like a dinner roll just to classic four door sedan and his fucking wife
is in the passenger seat.
Now we're faced opposite ways,
you know what I mean?
We pulled straight,
uh,
we pulled in,
you know,
did that thing where there's two parking spots and you pull past the first one
and into the next one.
So now it looks like you backed in,
but you drove into it.
They came in from the other side and parked right next to me,
like me and the lady,
we're going to start shooting the shit and she just opens the door until she
hits the car,
looks at me and closes the door.
It doesn't say anything.
Okay.
And I'm like,
what the fuck?
So I want to open the door and say some,
but the fucking dudes there and I'm so fucking mad,
there's no way for me to communicate to the woman in any sort of tone where he's
not going to then have to fucking do will.
Yo,
what's your fucking problem?
Okay.
And I just sat there and I just decided to just not say anything.
Because I've done it before and it gets you nowhere.
All they do is they go fuck you and give you the finger and you get into a big
fuck.
You fuck you screaming and yelling.
They still open the fucking door into your car like what do I do?
So they fucking walked in there and it literally just like ruined my fucking
evening and I just was thinking like,
can you have anything nice?
Can you fucking have anything nice?
The fucking animals,
this people out there that literally when they get out of their car like that,
that's completely acceptable to them.
Okay.
Cause it's all about them getting their fat ass out of the fucking car.
That do they know that they've opened the door far enough when they hit your
fucking car?
I had some women do that to me like,
like two,
three years ago when my priests was actually still kind of new.
I was actually doing a phoner or I had a conference call and sit in my car.
She pulls up next to me.
It just opens a door into my car,
like poem then closes the door,
walks into the bank and I'm like,
what the fuck?
But I'm on a conference call,
right,
talk and talk and talk,
and she comes walking back from being in the bank,
opens the door,
boom into my car again.
So I go,
I tell everybody on the phone,
I go,
hang on,
I should have hit mute.
So I put the window down.
I go,
Hey,
you just opened your door.
And then my car on the way in and on the way out she just goes,
well,
did it leave a mark?
And I go,
I don't know.
Why don't you look,
wake and I,
I said something,
something that I told it will wake up.
You know what she did?
She goes,
she gives me,
she stares at me for half a second and then gives me the finger and fuck you
like I'm the asshole.
And all I did for the rest of that conference call other than to apologize for
people,
for,
you know,
having them listen to that.
And then me of course looking like a lunatic.
You don't want him getting into business with,
okay.
All I could fantasize about doing was fucking following her home and just
absolutely destroying her car and I would lie to you,
it has point.
I didn't think about taking a fucking extension cord,
wrapping it around her neck until right before she passed out and then let her
up.
Okay?
That's how fucking annoyed I was.
You know what I mean?
Which is why yesterday,
I'm a couple of years older and I was just like,
Bill,
don't say anything.
Because at the end of the day that if they did any damage,
they're not going to pay for it.
It's not going to stop.
She's not going to change,
and all you're going to do is possibly get into a situation where the other guy
calls you out and says,
come on out here so I can beat the shit out of you,
and you're not going to get out of the car.
You're not going to fight this guy.
You have 47 years old.
You're going to go out there.
You either going to lose or you're going to win and get sued and you're going to
lose.
So you just have to sit here and fucking take it.
And I sat in that fucking car
just looking at their car,
thinking of like,
I just wanted to fucking like,
you know,
if the car was more of a piece of shit,
I would just open the car door until they have fucking door.
But it's a new car,
so I can't,
I can't do that.
Then I'm like,
what am I going to do?
Am I going to kick the door?
Am I going to do it when they're not here?
That's a pussy move,
you know?
I just,
it was,
there was no way to win.
So now I'm in a fucking mood,
so then we drive over to go to the birthday party.
It's the wrong fucking address.
Now I'm in more of a fucking mood by wife is fill in the fucking tension.
So I'm fucking trying to drive over to where we're supposed to be and all of a
sudden I can't make a left.
I'm going to pissed off mode.
Fuck you.
I'm taking a left,
as I go through the intersection and make a left,
they look over to the right,
what's sitting there.
I'll fucking police car was fucking cops sitting right in.
And I'm like,
fuck,
you know,
I drive.
And of course he stomps on the gas way,
overreaction to fucking drive.
Right.
But I was literally fucking 10 feet away from the guy turns on the fucking
lights.
So I pull over and he goes,
uh,
dino,
why I pulled you over?
No,
he walks up,
he goes,
do you know you can't,
you made a left back there at the light.
You know,
you can't do that.
I was like,
yeah,
I did.
I did know that.
I saw the sign and I did it anyways.
I was mad cause this woman opened the door into my new car.
Uh,
and he goes,
I let me see your registration and you know,
we're giving them the fucking shit and everything.
So he goes back,
okay,
you know,
I've got to break down a don't of cops when it comes to shit like that.
Do you know why I pulled you over?
We'll go blow.
Why?
Cause I,
yeah,
I know why.
You know why and I know that you know,
then I know why.
Okay.
Oh,
I know.
You know,
so I just say,
yeah,
I know why.
Because I did that and I knew I wasn't supposed to do it.
I did it anyway because I was in a bad mood and they end up coming up to the car
and he was just like,
all right,
you know what?
I'm not gonna write you up,
but don't do that again.
And I said,
you gonna let me go.
And he goes,
well,
do you want me to give you a citation?
I'm like,
no.
He goes,
well then don't do it again.
I said,
all right,
thank you.
Thank you.
I put in the glove box and then I drove away and I looked at my wife and I did a
fist pump and I went white.
Um,
I did do that,
but it did cross my mind that she was probably thinking like,
cause I want to be like,
you know,
I wanted to brag.
I see that you just be honest.
And I know she's sitting there giving me those,
uh,
black lives matter eyes,
so I couldn't brag in that moment or what a fucking great move I just made,
you know?
Does that make any sense?
All right.
Let me get to the questions for the week.
Uh,
I didn't do this right.
I do this every fucking week with my stupid combination.
I can't talk and do my combination the same fucking time.
Just I just need you guys to be quiet and there it is.
There it is.
Okay.
Here we go.
All right,
let's all,
before I get into that,
uh,
the questions for the week,
let me do,
um,
let me do the,
uh,
the last two weeks for this week.
It MVMT watches Michael Victor,
Michael Tango,
watches movement,
watches.
Everybody was started by two college dropouts.
Yes.
With an idea to make quality watches that don't break the bank starting at 95
bucks and sold online.
They cut out the bullshit retail markup supposedly.
I never know how to say it.
Is it per supposedly,
I always say,
suppose IV supposedly,
supposedly,
supposedly movement sent some watches over here.
I was at.
Oh,
I guess that was my guide for sending that to me.
Well,
I didn't get the fucking watches.
evidently they're quality materials and sleek designs.
The perfect everyday watch.
It's easy order online today for free shipping.
Free returns at a 24 month warranty.
Join the movement and say no to big brand retail markups and say yes to great
style.
Checkout MVMT watches.com/burn and you'll get 15% off your entire purchase.
That's it.
There's a period after each one here,
an period v period,
m period t period.
watches.com/bar.
I think that's how you do it.
All right,
stamps.com everybody.
Oh with the holidays almost here,
you don't have time to go to the post office.
There is traffic and parking and old ladies who can't work their fingers
to close the package.
And now you got to help and the guy behind you,
it cuts.
Um,
all right,
it will be packed with everyone.
Mailing holiday gifts and packages.
So what do you,
so what do I do?
I use stamps.com instead with stamps.com you can void all the hassles man of
going to the post office during the busy holiday season.
Do we do we do everything you would do with the post office you can do right at
your home and your desk and the note you know and have it.
You always wanted to walk into the post office just buck naked.
Hey,
can I get a little help here?
You can do that at home and you're the help buy and print official us postage
using your own,
your own computer and printer,
print postage for any letter or package the instant you need it.
Then the mailman comes and picks it up or the mail lady.
So easy and convenient.
I use stamps.com uh,
to send out all the mall my march,
which is basically posters and I'm a moron if I can figure out how to do it.
What?
God Damn.
So can you,
and you should too.
Right now,
sign up for stamps.com and use my last name,
[inaudible],
B u r r for this special offer,
four week trial plus $110 bonus offer that includes postage and a digital scale.
Don't wait.
Go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
you click on the microphone@thetopofthehomepageandyoutypeinburburthatstamps.com
enter berm.
All right.
That'll be enough of that.
Okay.
No,
how we got here.
All right.
Oh,
before,
um,
before I get into the,
uh,
the question for this week,
here's an opportunity to do something nice for some people,
uh,
during the holiday season.
All right.
Children's hospital information.
A comedian Steve Sumome,
uh,
he's a comic and podcast hosts on the all things comedy network has been
visiting the children's hospital and spending some,
a lot of his free time there.
Uh,
he's had the chance to meet some great kids.
It's really rough spots and Steve's goal is to keep them in good spirits and
make sure they have as much fun as any kid should have.
During this time.
Uh,
there were a few kids in particular has become particularly close with as they
need some serious help.
So here we go.
Um,
there's a kid William who's battling cancer.
His mother is recovering from cancer.
His father was recently in a car accident and is on disability.
This is not a good times episode.
I swear to God this is actually happening to somebody,
uh,
that no,
no.
Live as soon,
soon they're going to be homeless.
All right,
so the money raised will go directly towards paying their rent and making sure
they have a home at least through the holidays.
Um,
the kid with cancer is only four years old.
He suffers from a rare disease called Ald last week.
Oh God,
this is brutal.
Last week he received a second bone marrow transplant.
Uh,
this Christmas when he wakes up in the hospital,
we want to have them surrounded by toys.
And,
uh,
I have no doubt that Santa is real and I'm actually have a home to go back to.
So now I got all the sadness out of the way.
Um,
I'm going to share a link on Facebook and Twitter,
you know,
donate a dollar.
Whatever you can do.
We've already raised 1000 bucks.
Our goal is only three grant.
Uh,
the new goal is somewhere north of 10 grand if we can so they can actually stay
there for the entire year.
Um,
all the money will go directly to the quality of life.
items for the kids.
No middle man.
We'll give updates and a whatever you guys donate.
I'm going to try to match,
unless she fucking sent some ridiculous amount of fucking money that I,
you know,
what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I'm out and I'm going to go bankrupt here.
All right,
but I'm going to throw on a sizable bottom money to,
uh,
wait,
do we have the fucking link?
Oh,
we're going to share the link on Facebook and on Twitter.
All right,
there we go.
Sorry about that guys.
I usually don't do stuff like that,
but it is a,
it is a great thing to do.
Um,
and unlike a lot of charities,
this is actually going to go directly to the people that need the help,
which is what I've always said here on this podcast as opposed to going into the
pink twat infrastructure and getting reduced and then spitting out,
you know,
a couple of coins on the other side.
This is actually going to go directly to this,
uh,
this wonderful family.
All right.
All right,
here we go.
Questions for the week?
Uh,
hockey and football bill,
who's your on to dog pick for the Stanley Cup this year?
All the Boston Bruins were going to gel right after the all star break.
Uh,
the underdog.
Well you can't say the kings or the Black Hawks.
Guys have so fucking busy.
I can't give you an intelligent one.
I would underdog would be,
uh,
maybe the Canadians,
they definitely have the goaltender,
but I just,
I don't believe in the east,
the eastern conference.
Um,
yeah,
I guess in underdog,
what I would say it would be the Dallas stars if they had enough in the tank to
get past,
well you figure,
hopefully with any luck
the Blackhawks and kings would face each other and they'd knock wanting one or
the other out.
But I don't think that's going to happen.
They probably would be,
you know,
top two seeds.
So you'll probably have to go through both of them.
Uh,
yeah.
Maybe Dallas Stars,
Dallas Stars in the West and then I would say the fucking Canadians in the tub
out that.
Yeah,
there's two safe pics.
All right.
Um,
some people think Casey.
Oh,
how about the Superbowl's?
Some people think Casey's d could,
they could get them far.
Casey's not winning shit.
Then I went in the fucking super bowl.
Cincinnati is not winning it.
Then I went in there.
I think it's coming in the west.
I think if the packers,
I dunno,
how do you not say the fucking Carolina Panthers?
I know they're like a young team,
but like I believe in Cam Newton swagger.
I don't think it's an act like that dude in Seattle is always jumping up and
down,
screaming and yell and say,
and I'll fucking Grady is,
to me,
that's a massive inferiority complex that he,
that he compensates with a huge fucking ego.
Right.
I think Patrick painters sins every bit is good.
Is Sherman,
you know,
he doesn't need to jump around.
He just fucking does his job.
Um,
maybe he's got to scream like that because it's so loud in that stadium.
anyways,
I liked the panthers.
I believe in Cam Newton.
I don't think he's afraid of the fucking moment.
I just think that,
yeah,
droid.
No,
you go ahead.
We'll go over that.
Go to coffee as you enter your new moon.
Moomoo
even though they were undefeated and not really like an underdog.
But I think in a lot of ways people are gonna think that they're an underdog
because Seattle,
you got to respect them.
They weren't there the last two fucking,
and who's kidding who,
if they handed it off to Marshawn Lynch,
where we really going to stop him again?
You know,
they fucked it up.
They screwed the pooch last year slash Malcolm Butler make one of the great
defensive plays of all fucking time.
I'm still wasn't a bad call as far as,
uh,
considering it 60% of the time it was a touchdown.
The other 40%,
it was like incomplete passes.
That was the only interception of the Goddamn year.
MMM.
And I would feel bad for Pete Carroll,
but,
uh,
as a patriots fan,
because he doesn't get shit for being a fucking cheater,
uh,
and we do then I don't,
I don't have any sympathy for them,
so fuck 'em all sneaky Pete.
He could get in there again.
Um,
okay.
Yeah,
I,
so I,
I still think in a weird way that the panthers are an underdog just because a,
they are a young team.
Um,
and I'm going to be safe.
I have no fucking idea.
What do you want me to say?
Tampa,
do I really,
I don't believe in anything.
I think that the,
uh,
the Patriots are in trouble unless we get healthy,
obviously.
Uh,
I mean we lost to the Broncos without fucking Peyton manning.
So I think that kind of lets you know where we're at right now.
Um,
so I dunno,
I don't fucking,
I don't fuck guys and I don't watch it to that level.
I have no fucking idea.
What else did he ask me?
MMM.
I Dunno if I'm,
I'm really becoming a panthers fan though.
I liked the panthers.
I'd like to saints,
I don't know what it is.
So fucking set the NFC south,
I don't know what to fucking teams those are,
but I,
I really liked both of them and I'm liking the fact that Tampa Bay's getting
good.
MMM.
I Dunno.
I like New People that are good and I just always liked the saints because they
suck my whole life and I love that fucking city.
And I also think the superdome's is one of the original domes out there.
One of the great ones.
And uh,
I,
they refurbished the whole thing and it's the shit now it's got the Mercedes
Benz emblem on the side of,
it's so many,
that stadiums or the jobbing.com and these fucking horrific names,
they get the Mercedes Benz emblem on it.
That's,
it's the shit.
So anyways,
there you go.
How about that?
I danced around that.
Just should I just exposed myself for how little football I've watched this
year.
But fucking busy.
I've got this cartoon coming out,
man.
This is my shot.
All right.
Ah,
car shopping.
Billie or Billie?
I'm shopping around for a car for my wife as well.
Me and my friends were talking about what the first question should be for the
salesman.
Do you have a first question?
Uh,
yeah,
I'll steal with my brother says,
whatever his name is.
Hey Randy,
what's the real price on this car?
He goes,
I feel like it sets a precedent for the whole wheeling and dealing my top
choices.
How much under our invoice can you sell me this car?
Uh,
I've paid under invoice.
It's not a crazy thing.
Lots of times.
Um,
oh,
you're saying like before the options you've paid under that,
but what the fuck were you buying and when did you buy it?
I've never done that.
My big line is what's the out the door price and buy out the door.
I mean,
everything.
The warranty,
the tax,
everything,
the final number that I'm paying you and I,
and I just have the number.
I just go.
I always do.
What I always do is I always go,
I always pitch like two grand above.
Is it called steaks?
What not,
not the,
not the one after all the options.
It's that first number before the ad,
the options.
I always,
I always go to grand,
um,
above that number and I'm probably still getting fucked.
I always get like,
I always get half a dick fucking thrown my way.
I always do,
you know?
Um,
I always get fucked a little bit,
but I actually enjoy the process.
Like I have fun with it.
Um,
each time I get fucked a little bit less like I did,
I did real well on this one I felt.
And uh,
but who knows,
you always feel like you're going to turn around and see them all laughing,
slapping each other on the back,
and then they're going to quickly stop and,
uh,
but you know,
sharpen a pencil as you look at him,
you know,
after you leave.
But,
uh,
I,
I would just,
I dunno,
uh,
read up on it and watched some youtube videos.
I had a lot of fun this time cause I didn't give a fuck and I wasn't trading in
the Prius.
So I just kept saying that.
He just kept saying,
listen dude,
like we'd like to buy this car but we don't need to.
I mean I can get in that car right there and it drives great man.
It's a Toyota,
you know,
I've kept it maintained.
It's all beat up.
I can park it.
Nobody's going to steal a fucking eight year old Prius.
It's God damn gem out there.
So I had the guy laugh and so I go,
look,
this is what I want.
Right?
So he goes and he fucking,
you know,
grab acids with his manager,
comes back,
he's not even close.
So he comes back with this big grin on his face.
He goes,
nuts area and this,
this is a great deal.
This is a great deal.
And I just go,
Pho,
pho,
you,
I mean,
I'm not gonna lie to you at this point.
If you look around the table,
you're the only guy smiling.
Then he kind of like,
Hey,
I go,
I can't pay that.
I can't pay.
I got to check in my pocket right fucking now I will.
I will and I to tell him life too.
You know and you always got to send your wife.
If you bring your wife is a good thing cause they think it's a weakness,
right?
Okay.
You got to get your wife on the same page and at some point you got to tell your
wife to screw.
Okay?
You do it in a respectable way.
But with the,
with the Dash Archie bunker,
be like honey,
guilt,
go uh,
do me a favor.
Could you just go a cold look over the cars over there,
Bubba,
you make it look like he got this old school fucking relationship.
Like she actually has dinner prepared when you come home.
All right?
And as much as your wife isn't going to like in that moment,
that feeling,
it works good for you in the negotiation because now it gives you this guy the
perception debt.
You actually are making decisions and your relationship cause they buy on the
fact that the emotion of the female,
but I like it
right when you send them off,
it just speaks like,
look,
I want to get this car for my wife.
All right,
but I'm not a dope.
This is what I'm paying.
Okay,
this is what I am paying.
I willing to pay this.
If you get me this number,
I'm going to buy this car today.
You're going to make a sale and you're never going to have to look at this car
again.
That's the deal.
That's my number.
Okay.
Do my brother's amazing at it.
He always comes in his,
his line is,
he comes in,
you know,
just,
he always gets the guy's name and I feel like that gives him power.
It'd be like,
what's your name?
And I gotta be like a Steven.
And he goes,
Steve,
and you see this right here.
This is a large coffee and extra large coffee as he says,
you know why it got this?
He goes,
cause this is going to be a long negotiation until I'm going to get what I want.
He comes hard right out of the fucking gate and he's like a fucking a comic that
never stops writing.
I used,
when we were kids,
we used to go down to a car dealerships and pretend that we were going to
fucking is way back in the 80s we used to pretend that we were going to a buy a
car so we could test drive all these cars.
And my brother used to just fuck with all these salesmen.
I used to do with him and I still with another one of my one on another,
one of my friends one day we skipped school high school and we went down and we
said that we were seniors in high school,
which we were.
We said we were,
we were stepbrothers.
It was hilarious.
You know I had like fucking fire engine,
red hair and my bought,
my buddy was like fucking six to you know,
look like a movie star doll,
tall,
dark,
handsome.
We look nothing alike.
So he said we was stepbrothers and initially the salesman looks at us like,
what the fuck?
And we said that a,
we were both going to be going to the same college next year and that our
parents were going to buy us a,
uh,
buys a vehicle to share and they're both really busy.
And they told us to come down and,
uh,
pick out a car.
So immediately they thought that we were a couple of fucking rich kids and that
we didn't know shit.
So,
you know,
we went down,
we took out a Christ low laser.
I remember we took out the Chrysler laser and I think that that guy actually
knew no,
the Lebaron,
it was like the Lebaron.
I remember the big deal was it had a digital speedometer,
which we thought was fucking amazing.
And like fucking 1986 or seven,
whenever the fuck we did it.
So,
um,
my biggest thing,
and,
and the thing that I learned is when you go in there,
you have to be prepared to walk.
You have to know the number that you're going to pay.
And,
um,
and to definitely go in there and have fun and,
uh,
when that,
when the salesman tries to buddy buddy with you and do all that type of shit,
I mean,
I don't list a couple of different ways you can play it.
You can laugh along with them or you can just kind of stare back at them.
It just literally do.
My brother would literally just be like,
uh,
like Steve,
I'm not here to try to like,
you know,
listen to jokes.
Like this isn't a funny thing here.
I know what goes on down here and I don't want to be a part of it.
You understand?
This is what I'm paying
and in like to the hub is this is an extra large coffee.
Do you know why I got this?
Because this is going to be a long drawn out negotiation.
I get what I want.
I said,
fucking classic.
Um,
all right.
So once again,
I really didn't give you any information.
I'm still learning what to do,
but I used to be really intimidated by it.
But this last one,
somewhere in the middle of the negotiation,
my wife's car,
I actually really started having fun and realize the power that I had.
And,
um,
I just said,
I'm not paying any more than this.
And then I got the number that I wanted and then I,
I went and then when I went to get the warranty,
they tack that on and I was like dope.
And then they tacked on the tax out.
So I ended up getting fucking two right there,
Fred.
So I still got fucked.
But now I know,
I know for the next time it's like bombing is a comedian.
So I had him,
I had him dead to rights and we let off the hook.
So I still,
I still,
I've still got fucked.
Um,
but you know,
at least this time I had fun.
Um,
so watch,
watch out for that.
I would just say,
you know,
no the number that you want and make sure you just say the out the door price
and make sure that you say that this includes the warranty and all the bullshit.
And the tax,
everything.
This is the final fucking number.
I walk out,
I get the car.
You washed it,
the whole God damn thing.
This is the number you have to say that repeatedly,
repeatedly.
Um,
and that's where I fucked up.
All right.
You know what?
I'm man enough to admit it.
All right.
Thanksgiving Pie.
Oh,
Billy.
speaking of which everybody,
I made the,
uh,
the pie crust video like promised the pie crust video has been made.
Um,
I dressed up like a baker.
we went all out so that things should be edited and done in the next couple of
days.
So hopefully at towards the end of the week,
um,
you can watch old Billy freckles fucking make a pie crust and you can maybe a,
I dunno,
maybe show another side of yourself.
Maybe you have that beautiful woman,
you know,
the Sally to your hairy,
right.
All of a sudden see you was something else.
All of a sudden there's Mistletoe,
you know,
she had a slice of pie to sugars going through the roof or emotions are a little
options.
Know what she's thinking.
You move in.
And next thing you know,
she decides to spend her life with you.
All right?
That poor woman,
you guys ever hear that?
Tears for fears a women woman and chain women had chains for a woman and change
something like that.
My drum teacher was telling me about because Phil Collins plays drums and he
plays his great drum fill in the end.
Okay.
You know both like a minute left to something where he just goes over the bar
line and ends on the endo one and it's just classic fucking awesome.
Phil Collins Drum,
drum fill to that song is the most pandering fucking song I've ever heard of my
fucking life written by a guy to women in general.
It's just like we are not get enough pussy at the end of your fucking show.
Ah,
when he starts singing,
so free
her.
Okay.
And at one point he just starts going,
man,
a stone,
no stone men or stone
unfucking believable manage shit.
It's just so fucking,
I listened to that song blown away by Phil Collins Drumming while laughing
hysterically.
The way he says men are stone.
He sounds like he's going to start crying.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
I mean,
I got a lot of nerve,
all the sexist shit that I say,
but it just,
I don't know.
But I mean,
it's another reason why I fucking do it.
There's nobody policing the other fucking side,
but I guess it is a guy doing it,
so I dunno.
Okay.
I don't,
he's a weird looking guy anyways.
Even though he's a fucking rock star,
you still had to fucking distilled to put the whole fucking,
please get me some pussy out there.
Anyways,
Thanksgiving Pie,
Billy boy begged a couple of Pumpkin pies after being inspired by your recent
podcast that was invited to a friend's house for Thanksgiving and there happened
to be a really cool girl there.
Well,
let me tell you,
it didn't hurt that I was the guy who made the pie.
That's what I'm telling you.
This is weird thing about women where they want you to be a guy,
but as much as a fucking,
if you just show that on some level that she can all see you're not afraid to
look like a pussy.
I don't know what it is.
Okay.
It melts them a little bit.
He goes,
uh,
the compliments started building up.
I brushed them off like it was no big deal.
That's the way you play it.
You Go Patrick Peterson,
you don't go Richard Sherman like that was fun,
but you don't do that shit.
It is.
Yeah.
You know,
it's my job.
It's what I do.
So questions came in like,
do you bake?
A lot were answered with,
no,
this was just a first attempt.
Hopefully they'll,
they'll get better.
Ah,
Dude,
you're crushing it.
Good man.
He goes to which the crowd responded with,
get Outta here.
Oh my God,
it's great.
Uh,
let's do,
it's just real.
And I'm in the fish are jumping into the boat at this point.
I love this guy.
He goes talking to the girl later was much easier and came off totally
competent.
Uh,
I would though I thought would say natural.
what girl doesn't want to know slash data guy who could pull that off.
Thanks for the assist.
Somebody scored a goal at night.
He's eaten up.
It's going on a little bit of a run.
See that?
I'm telling you right now,
all of that stuff member,
that bit he used to do.
What do you have fig?
How guys always say that?
Anytime you do anything remotely like that,
I'm telling you right?
Fuck it.
Who gives a shit what?
What your guy friends are saying,
okay,
I'm telling you right now it's women love that shit.
They love that shit.
If you have a garden,
oh,
make every guy in the podcast,
right?
And I'll be like,
oh,
just make feel uncomfortable as a man.
Do you ever fucking garden?
Right?
If you fucking know how to bake,
what is something else?
You know what I mean?
If you actually learned how to sew when you sewed a button back on your shirt,
I don't know how you weave that into conversation.
I don't have those skills.
But if they knew that you know how to,
so like they just find that the last thing they want is another chance to talk
to another fucking guy sitting there with the bud tall talking about why the
Patriots,
it's good that they're 14 and to basically everything that I do.
Yeah.
The last thing they did,
Doug,
no book,
GL dog.
Oh,
he's on my fantasy team.
Like that's literally I item,
I can't speak for women,
but I would think that them hearing that is literally like you approaching a
woman where you're like,
oh my God,
she's beautiful.
And as she walked up,
she's going like,
oh my God,
the real housewives car dash had no shoes on sow and you just Amelie's as good
luck.
Your Dick just fucking starts looking the other way.
Like,
Nah man,
I can't tell.
I mean I do it.
It was good.
No,
but you know
one and done when it's done.
This is not a home and home.
Okay.
All right.
Girlfriend had sex with another guy.
Oh Geez.
You use a pill.
I'm a huge fan of yours from the country of Georgia,
not the state.
All right.
I know where that is in eastern Europe.
Um,
is that that cluster of countries?
Uh,
well that's the one that rush every once in a while when they get annoyed,
they drive a couple of tanks until it isn't,
it
isn't that every country over there in the eastern block.
All right,
here we go.
So here's my story.
I have a girlfriend.
We know each other almost.
Oh,
I love these guys.
We know each other almost five years and we've been friends,
all of these,
all of these times until we discovered our mutual love and affection.
Is there anything better than the way fucking people in Eastern Europe speak?
Are they first of all,
and they speak in English with this tremendous,
it's amazing.
I wish I could be bilingual.
I just don't have the fucking patients.
Um,
and I also love that they don't have the word for the,
so they don't use it.
And it just makes everything sound so much for so much more direct.
We've been friends all these times until we discovered our mutual love,
affection four months ago.
And now she is my girlfriend.
I study in Poland,
she studies in Germany,
so that means we don't see each other frequently,
but we had our business time a lot.
I think that's means banging each other.
A few days ago my girlfriend told me that she was on MD m a oh,
that's a drug I guess,
but to be clear,
drug did not pulled the trigger for her to make such a thing.
I'm sorry man.
I'm trying to help.
I'm trying to go with your English era.
I don't know.
I know Mtma isn't,
isn't that?
Well DMTs at one that makes you fucking go into another dimension.
I know an MDM a is,
I don't want to know.
Anyways.
Uh,
my girlfriend told me she was on MD a the previous night and had sex with a
random fucking guy.
She was crying and shaming herself on the phone telling me that she is wrong,
loves me.
I'm the special one for her and she told me that.
Now it's my decision how our relationship will go on.
Bill,
I want to hear your advice on on these point.
The thing is that I really love her and my love is higher than that fucking
sexual act,
which she had with that random fucking dude.
Bill,
I want to hear your advice and what would be your approach in my position?
Fuck you and eat a bag of shit.
Ps lovey from Georgia country,
not the state.
And sorry for my grammar mistakes.
Dude.
You crushed your fucking English.
I can't do that.
I,
I could barely write that well in my own my own language.
All right.
What to do here,
what to do,
what to do.
Um,
all right.
Obviously my gut just says you got to get rid of her.
Uh,
you know,
when you're not around,
she's going to be on drugs,
going to raves and fucking a random guy.
MMM.
She does give points for actually telling you that.
Uh,
I,
I mean I,
I don't,
I don't know what to do.
This is hard.
This is hard because you said that you actually love her and to the level that
you could look past that.
But Dude,
I would say watch casino and see deniros relationship was Sharon Stone.
I mean,
do you have a potential for getting involved in that?
Um,
I don't know if you can forgive somebody for that.
Uh,
okay.
But if it happens again,
yeah.
Um,
you guys don't live near each other
and then she goes to raves and does drugs and fuck somebody.
Um,
dude,
I think he had the very least.
You need to take a break.
I think maybe you should just take a break and be like,
I need to sort this out.
And when she says why,
and it'd be like,
well,
because what you did fucked me up so bad that I had to send an email to a
podcast on the other side of the planet to try and get advice.
That's why.
So,
um,
you sound like you're young.
She sounds like she's young.
God knows his plenty of fish in the sea that wouldn't do fucking whatever the
fuck she just did.
Uh,
I gotta put this back in your court,
dude.
Like,
just being aware,
I'm sitting and the fact that there's does distance between the two of you.
I just don't see this thing working out.
You're in Poland.
She's in Germany and while in Germany goes to a party,
does drugs and fuck somebody else.
Um,
okay.
I Dunno.
That's just sounds like the tip of the iceberg do.
And I think you got to pull the cord.
That's what I would say as a friend.
And I think if I was in that situation,
you would say that to me too,
because you weren't emotionally involved in it.
However,
people are human.
They do make mistakes.
Uh,
you know,
this woman better than I do.
If you feel like it's worth it,
give her another chance.
But I would sit on this thing for about at least six weeks.
Uh,
I wouldn't have contact with her and I would just try to get yourself back into
you and not the US mode.
And after six weeks or something,
I dunno.
I think you really got to like,
uh,
you gotta you gotta you gotta this isn't one of those.
Wow.
All right.
You know,
all right.
Shake it off.
MMM.
That's what I would do.
Okay.
And like say,
what the fuck do I know?
Uh,
and I'm sorry that that happened to you,
man.
That's fucking brutal.
Um,
you know,
I've been there and I've made both decisions.
I've stayed in it and then got burned again and I have walked and then thought,
what if,
so a lot of suctioning around the holidays to have Jesus Christ.
Anyway,
just plow ahead.
A girlfriend wants me to quit.
God,
quit job.
Dear Bill,
I'm going to very strange yet fortuitous situation.
My girlfriend and likely soon fiance inherited a large sum of money.
She has asked me to quit my job and travel with her for a year.
I'm pretty sure in my girlfriend inherited a large summit.
She's asked me to quit my job and traveled for a year.
No,
no,
fuck no,
no.
Well,
yeah,
your fucking mind.
Wait a minute.
What kind of job do you have?
Right.
Let me finish this.
This is amazing.
Of course.
However,
I don't want to leave my job permanently.
I have a great job in his set in sound engineering and I'm not sure it would be
available to me after a year long absence.
Yeah,
it seems like a no brainer,
but I'm definitely apprehensive.
Can you help me weigh the pros and cons?
Thanks.
Yeah.
You're going to fucking throw your God damn career away for one fucking year on
the God damn dude.
You're going to spend a fucking year on the road with the same person.
Okay.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Johnny Appleseed did it Solo.
Marco Polo did it solo.
I'm telling you.
Take a fucking hint.
Okay.
Do bands travel like that for a fucking year?
They traveled the world for a fucking year,
living their dream,
not quitting their jobs and most bands don't make it through and then not even
involved in an intimate like,
you know,
couple thing.
It's a business relationship and they don't even make it,
I think to save your fucking relationship.
You don't go,
you're going to be fucking sick of each other and you're going to have no
fucking job to go back to.
This could be the end of your relationship.
Just say,
listen,
I would love to go to it,
but like,
I mean,
don't say this,
that other shit I just said,
but dude,
just do a Connie.
Not for nothing.
I don't work at a fucking,
you know,
a juice bar.
I'm an engineer,
okay?
I'm designing bridges and Shit.
All right,
I got a job here that is going to,
that's going to make us financially secure for the rest of our fucking lives.
And I know that you just inherited a large sum of money,
but Jesus Christ,
we're,
where can we put that?
We're going to put that legitimately,
safely,
that we are 100% guaranteed.
Okay?
To not lose it in the future.
I know in my country,
stick it in the stock market.
You might as well put it on a crap table.
I know you stick it in a bank.
They're going to give you a half percent interest in for all you know,
that bank goes under,
it gets bought out by a bigger bank and everybody's too big to fail.
And you're in that fucking line standing there next to a farmer with you.
Little fucking,
you know you a little book like Johnny Depp in,
uh,
that fucking drug movie that he made the fuck was it called Jesus Christ.
I saw it twice and it gives those people all that,
all that money.
And then they gave him a little fucking book and he goes,
I gave him a,
you know,
he goes,
I gave him fucking whatever,
10 million in cash and they gave me a book with a number on it.
And what's hilarious is that cash represents gold that you can't claim anymore.
So you just basically gave them a bunch of piece of pit.
I'll fucking thing is a lie.
The only thing that you can count on is money still coming in.
All right.
And that's what you get with your engineering job.
So I would not quit it.
I would not.
I would say,
let's see if you want to take a couple of long vacations.
Absolutely.
But uh,
you know,
this is my career.
Okay.
And you know,
if she gives you shit,
it would just be like,
listen sweetheart,
if I,
if I had,
if I didn't have a career,
if I had nothing going on,
I would do this in a second.
I would love to see the world with you.
I would love to spend 365 fucking days with you in a row.
Oh my God.
Doesn't that sound like fun?
Um,
to,
nobody is meant to spend that much at that amount of time with one another.
Yeah.
There,
there just is.
Nobody is
okay.
There's not a,
there's nobody I fuckin know other than myself that I could spend that amount of
time with 365 days.
And really the only reason why I could do with myself is I don't have the option
of leaving myself less.
I try and meditate.
You don't float across the fucking room.
You don't get that wonderful feeling of leaving your body and then you start
thinking,
I'm doing it.
I'm doing it,
I'm throwing it.
And then that ruins the meditative thing and then you have sucked right back
into yourself.
All right.
All,
all right.
You know what does a podcast,
everybody,
hey,
if you'd like,
Hey,
if you'd like to donate to this podcast,
you know what,
don't don't donate to the,
uh,
to the,
the kids we were talking about earlier that are sick this time of year.
It's a great fucking thing to do.
Donate it,
give it,
don't give it to bill.
Give it to William.
We're going to tweet the link.
Uh,
that's the podcast.
Go fuck yourselves.
Don't take any shit,
and I'll check in on Thursday.